Doc from openstack admin guide (#1083)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: doc/source/operations/customising-horizon.rst

.. code-block:: console

   SITE_BRANDING = "<Your Branding>"

Deploy with:

.. code-block:: console

   kayobe overcloud service reconfigure --kolla-tags horizon

Troubleshooting
---------------

If the theme is selected but the logo doesn’t load, try running these commands
inside the ``horizon`` container:

.. code-block:: console

   /var/lib/kolla/venv/bin/python /var/lib/kolla/venv/bin/manage.py collectstatic --noinput --clear
   /var/lib/kolla/venv/bin/python /var/lib/kolla/venv/bin/manage.py compress --force
   settings_bundle | md5sum > /var/lib/kolla/.settings.md5sum.txt

Alternatively, try changing anything in ``custom_local_settings`` and restarting
the ``horizon`` container.

If the ``horizon`` container is restarting with the following error:

.. code-block:: console

   /var/lib/kolla/venv/bin/python /var/lib/kolla/venv/bin/manage.py compress --force
   CommandError: An error occurred during rendering /var/lib/kolla/venv/lib/python3.6/site-packages/openstack_dashboard/templates/horizon/_scripts.html: Couldn't find any precompiler in COMPRESS_PRECOMPILERS setting for mimetype '\'text/javascript\''.

> It can be resolved by dropping cached content with ``docker restart
> memcached``. Note this will log out users from Horizon, as Django sessions are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be resolved by dropping cached content with ``systemctl restart
kolla-memcached-container.service``. Note this will log out users from Horizon, as Django sessions are
```

       type: "git"
       location: <custom theme repository url>
       reference: master

   kolla_build_blocks:
     horizon_footer: |
       # Binary images cannot use the additions mechanism.
       {% raw %}
       {% if install_type == 'source' %}
       ADD additions-archive /
       RUN mkdir -p /etc/openstack-dashboard/themes/<custom theme name> \
         && cp -R /additions/horizon-additions-theme-<custom theme name>-archive-master/* /etc/openstack-dashboard/themes/<custom theme name>/ \
         && chown -R horizon: /etc/openstack-dashboard/themes
       {% endif %}
       {% endraw %}

If using a specific container image tag, don't forget to set:

.. code-block:: yaml

   kolla_tag: mytag

Build the image with:

.. code-block:: console

   kayobe overcloud container image build horizon -e kolla_install_type=source --push

Pull the new Horizon container to the controller:

.. code-block:: console

   kayobe overcloud container image pull --kolla-tags horizon

Deploy and use the custom theme
-------------------------------

Switch to source image type in ``${KAYOBE_CONFIG_PATH}/kolla/globals.yml``:

.. code-block:: yaml

>    horizon_install_type: source

Reviewer: `*_install_type` is outdated. Can be removed

Author: I found we don't need to rebuild horizon at all anymore. Deleting the section.

You may also need to update the container image tag:

.. code-block:: yaml

   horizon_tag: mytag

Configure Horizon to include the custom theme and use it by default:

.. code-block:: console

   mkdir -p ${KAYOBE_CONFIG_PATH}/kolla/config/horizon/

Add to ``${KAYOBE_CONFIG_PATH}/kolla/config/horizon/custom_local_settings``:

.. code-block:: console

   AVAILABLE_THEMES = [
       ('default', 'Default', 'themes/default'),
       ('material', 'Material', 'themes/material'),
       ('<custom theme name>', '<custom theme visible name>', '/etc/openstack-dashboard/themes/<custom theme name>'),
   ]
   DEFAULT_THEME = '<custom theme name>'

You can also set other customisations in this file, such as the HTML title of the page:

.. code-block:: console

   SITE_BRANDING = "<Your Branding>"

Deploy with:

.. code-block:: console

   kayobe overcloud service reconfigure --kolla-tags horizon

Troubleshooting
---------------

Make sure you build source images, as binary images cannot use the addition

> mechanism used here.

Reviewer: Again, outdated. this line can be removed
